http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_database

Key Definition
http://www.programmerinterview.com/index.php/database-sql/sql-key-definition/

Primary key

A primary key uniquely specifies a tuple within a table. In order for an attribute to be a good primary key it must not repeat. 
While natural attributes (attributes used to describe the data being entered) are sometimes good primary keys, surrogate keys are often used instead. 
A surrogate key is an artificial attribute assigned to an object which uniquely identifies it (for instance, in a table of information about students 
at a school they might all be assigned a student ID in order to differentiate them). The surrogate key has no intrinsic (inherent) meaning, but rather 
is useful through its ability to uniquely identify a tuple. Another common occurrence, especially in regard to N:M cardinality is the composite key. 
A composite key is a key made up of two or more attributes within a table that (together) uniquely identify a record. (For example, in a database 
relating students, teachers, and classes. Classes could be uniquely identified by a composite key of their room number and time slot, since no other 
class could have exactly the same combination of attributes. In fact, use of a composite key such as this can be a form of data verification, albeit a 
weak one.

Foreign key

A foreign key is a field in a relational table that matches the primary key column of another table. The foreign key can be used to cross-reference 
tables. Foreign keys need not have unique values in the referencing relation. Foreign keys effectively use the values of attributes in the referenced 
relation to restrict the domain of one or more attributes in the referencing relation. A foreign key could be described formally as: "For all tuples in 
the referencing relation projected over the referencing attributes, there must exist a tuple in the referenced relation projected over those same 
attributes such that the values in each of the referencing attributes match the corresponding values in the referenced attributes."
Stored procedures[edit]

Primary key and Foreign key difference
http://www.programmerinterview.com/index.php/database-sql/differences-between-primary-and-foreign-keys/

Stored procedure
A stored procedure is executable code that is associated with, and generally stored in, the database. Stored procedures usually collect and customize 
common operations, like inserting a tuple into a relation, gathering statistical information about usage patterns, or encapsulating complex business 
logic and calculations. Frequently they are used as an application programming interface (API) for security or simplicity. 
Implementations of stored procedures on SQL RDBMSs often allow developers to take advantage of procedural extensions (often vendor-specific) to the 
standard declarative SQL syntax. Stored procedures are not part of the relational database model, but all commercial implementations include them.