1. Tell me something about yourself ?

I am a Computer Science Graduate Student with a passion for developing web interfaces, layouts and site graphics. 
I enjoy coding in Java and UI technologies. I am always ready to face challenges 
and get along with people very well. I believe in vision and action and always learn from my mistakes.

2. why this position interests you?

I believe that this position will enable me to utilize and employ my skills and knowledge. 
I can make contributions to the establishment and at the same time build upon my existing skills 
and experience by working in this role.

3. Why do you want to work for us?
Based on the research I've done, your company is an industry leader in developing ......product..... 
When I visited your Web site, I found some impressive information about future projects you have planned. 
I was also impressed with the other employees background and the current financial statements. 
This is the company I've been looking for, a place where my background, experience and skills can be put to use and make things happen."
I also have a number of friends working at .....company name..... who have great things to say about the company.

4. Are you good with multi-tasking OR Give an example how you tackled with multiple responsibilities?

During my past job, I have to handle multiple responsibilities in developing new projects, maintaining existing ones, and maintaining good client relations. 
I allocate a certain amount of time for each area daily. 
That way clients can see very clearly that projects are progressing, and I have more satisfaction in accomplishing multiple tasks under pressure.
 
I always work on S-A-R (situation-action-result) technique.
I took a time-management course in which I learned to prioritize all tasks on A, B, or C lists. I always try to tackle the A list first. 
In every working situation, co-workers have always complimented me on how well I manage my time. 
I enjoy the social atmosphere of the office, but I make it a point not to waste much time on chitchat with colleagues. 
I've also learned that the average office worker spends about an hour a day handling e-mail. 
I make it a point not to deal with my e-mail more than once or twice a day, and I filter my messages into folders so I can prioritize the way I deal with them.

5. Did you ever work with teams for your projects? How did you handle conflicts within a team?
Yes I usually work in teams for my projects as I feel that Teamwork can provide collective strength and staying power for the business or organization.

I am a proactive So, I usually monitor situations closely to prevent minor problems from escalating into major ones. 
In most cases, minor problems can be resolved by simply meeting individually with affected team members. 
It's not a good idea to ignore a problem in hopes that it will resolve itself.

At a previous job, I was responsible for resolving a conflict between two team members who could no longer work effectively together. 
Their relationship began affecting the productivity of other employees. The first thing I did was separate them to calm the situation. 
I then proceeded to meet together with both parties to discuss the problem in a calm and controlled setting. 
I assumed control of the discussion since emotions frequently trump reason during disputes between two people and made it clear that a compromise must be reached. 
One of my main objectives during the meeting was to understand the perspectives of both parties without siding with either one. 
At first, this was difficult since each party presented their arguments without considering other perspectives. 
To counter this, I made it clear to each party that changes must be made since the status quo was unworkable. Shortly thereafter, we agreed to a workable solution. 
Before concluding the meeting, I emphasized that during future disagreements each party must act considerably and professionally and avoid getting emotional. 
After our meeting, work resumed as normal and the overall work atmosphere became more pleasant.

	6. Tell me about your prior experience fits for this position OR What about your experiences makes you fit for this position?
My education and life experience have prepared me to take on the challenges of this position.
My previous work experience and academic projects which involved extensive coding and working on UI Technologies, have provided me with the ideal experience for this position and 
my skill set is a perfect match for the job requirements.


"Based on the research I've done, ..company name... is an industry leader and provides financial information and analytic software for investment professionals. 
When I visited your Web site, I found some impressive information about future projects that are planned. 
I was also impressed with the other employees background and the current financial statements. 
This is the company I've been looking for, a place where my background, experience and skills can be put to use and make things happen."
I also have a number of friends working at factset who have great things to say about factset
And also the company’s employee retention rate has historically averaged 90%.

What does a typical day look like at factset?
What would be the challenges that someone in my position would face?

Can you tell me about the team I’ll be working with?
Will there be any training and also How will my performance be reviewed?

What are the next steps in the interview process?
Is there anything else I can provide you with that would be helpful?

How long have you been with the company?
What’s your favorite part about working here?












